deer bipeds
#Dear Bipeds,
As u no, I am teh fluffiest an mostest worthy of felinez.
#As you know, I am the fluffiest and most worthy of felines.
Mah tail is teh most cleenly. Mah wiskers teh mostest dignified. Mah poop teh best smelling (no mater how u rinkle ur noes when I no cover it up)
#My tail is the most cleanly. My whiskers the most dignified. My poop the best smelling (no matter how you wrinkle your nose when I do not cover it up). 
As teh fluffiestest and mostest worthy of catz, i expect 2 b treated with teh respect doo a cat of mah kalibur.
#As the fluffiest and most worthy of cats, I expect to be treated with the respect due a cat of my caliber.
i have tried leavin u ded mice on teh front porch, but u seem obvious to mah treats i will now try a formmmal complaint.
#I have tried leaving you dead mice on the front porch, but you seem oblivious to my threats. I will now try a formal complaint.
i notised yesterday that u stoped pettin me when u started videogame. I gavee u multipl oppportunitys 2 rektifi teh situation- however - thesse oportunities went unheeded. I even swatteed at u an instead of immediate compliants wit my demandz you dared to chase me off ur lapp.
#I noticed yesterday that you stopped petting me when you started a video game. I gave you multiple opportunities to rectify the situation; however, these opportunities went unheeded. I even swatted at you, and instead of immediate compliance with my demands you dared -- you dared! to chase me off of your lap.
Lastt nite, I had 2 remind u fur 90 soiled minites that it was abooout time to feed me delicious wet food.. Despit mah continuus efferts to help u b punktual, u still somhow managged to get mah bowl 2 me 2 minits past schedule.
#Last night, I had to remind you for ninety solid minutes that it was about time to feed me delicious wet food. Despite my continuous efforts to help you be punctual, you still somehow managed to get my bowl to me two minutes past schedule. 
This morning, after walking up on ur face at 4, I discoverrrd to mah utter horrorr that mah food bowl was haf empty.
#This morning, after walking upon your face at 4 AM, I discovered to my utter horror that my food bowl was half empty.
How is a cat supposed to live in such conditions?
#How is a cat supposed to live in such conditions?
#I ask you
#How is a cat supposed to live in such conditions?
i demand to be paid teh currect amount of attentions.
#I demand to be paid the correct amount of attention.
i demand ontime servicez.
#I demand on time services.
i demand teh high uf hily availble kibble.
#I demand the highest of highly available kibble.
In order to incentivize u, u stubborn mule, u, I have decided to take mattres in to mah own clawz.
#In order to incentivize you, I have decided to take matters into my own claws.
On top of ur favorite sweater (which looks terrible on u), u will find a moist hairball of incentivization.
#On top of your favorite sweater (which I have generously covered with my silky fur), you will find a hairball of incentivization.
u r welcom.
#You are welcome.
The Duke
#The Duke


